Wording Changes (#290)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/deck-options.md

### Limits Start From The Top

> By default, the daily limits of a higher-level deck do not apply if you're studying from its subdecks. A parent deck can have a new card limit of 10 cards/day and its subdecks can have a new card limit of 20 cards/day. The limits set on parent deck do not affect the number of new cards you can study from its subdeck.

Reviewer: How about the following instead, which makes it clear it depends on the deck you select, not the deck a card is from.

```suggestion
By default, the daily limits of a higher-level deck do not apply if you select one of its subdecks. A parent deck can have a new card limit of 10 cards/day and its subdecks can have a new card limit of 20 cards/day. The limits set on parent deck do not affect the number of new cards you can study from its subdeck.
```

> When this option is enabled, the limits set on higher-level decks also apply to their subdecks. In the previous example, you will be able to study only 10 new cards from the subdecks instead of 20 new cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this option is enabled, the limits set on higher-level decks also apply to their subdecks when a subdeck is selected. In the previous example, you will be able to study only 10 new cards from the subdecks instead of 20 new cards.
```
